[Autogenerated] the process of tuning the model
involves what are called hyper parameters,
and you can think of these as sort of the knobs that you can
use to control the behavior of an algorithm.
Out here in the Sage Maker Developer guide,
I'm under the Xcode Boost algorithm hyper parameters,
and here on the page you'll see the hyper parameter names,
a short description of what they do and whether they're required or not.
You'll see there's a lot here.
Luckily, a lot of them are optional.
You'll also see these when you go to create a new
training job through the console.
So if I come over here into the sage maker dashboard
and create a new training job, I'll just scroll down.
Until we get to that section here,
I will choose these algorithm of Xcode boost and
depending on the algorithm you choose, Obviously,
the hyper parameters will change.
But if we scroll all the way down here to hyper parameters,
you can see there displayed here, and you can enter values for them.
So that's when you set up the job originally.
But tuning hyper parameters is slightly different.
If I go back to the boost documentation here.
I actually want to come down to model tuning,
and there are basically three parts to this.
You want to choose your objective metric,
which is the thing you're trying to optimize for this particular algorithm.
If we scroll down here, you'll see the options.
Maybe you want to optimize for accuracy,
and over here on the right, you'll see that to optimize.
You should be maximizing this.
That's your objective.
Metric and there are others as well, and then you want to look atyour tunable.
Hyper parameters Down here, you can see the full list put up on the top.
There's a note about the five that have the greatest impact now.
You probably have no idea what the value should be for each of these,
but what you can do is specify a range.
You'll see the minimum and maximum values.
And then sage maker will run a bunch of training jobs using those
ranges of values until it finds the right combination that optimizes
these Objective-C metric that we chose.
When those jobs are done in the sage maker console,
you'll see the best training job and the hyper
parameters that it landed on and Of course,
you could do all of this through code as well,
but I think it's a little bit easier to see through the console.
You remember this slide from earlier, but just to call it out again,
the data that you set aside for validation is what you want to
use during this hyper parameter tuning step.
So to recap,
the main points of hyper parameter tuning first you want to choose your
objective metric or the thing you're trying to optimize.
Then you'll define the ranges for your various hyper parameters.
And finally, sage maker will run the training jobs,
using the ranges you specified until it finds the right
combination of values that optimize that objective metric now is
you're going through and evaluating the model.
How do you know how well it's performing?
For example, here we have the true values sent in by the dataset,
and we see that the model got some of them right in green.
But some of them are wrong, the ones in gray.
The confusion matrix is a great way to visualize this.
Let's walk through an example using fraud detection over on the left.
We have the actual values that we passed in on our
dataset of fraud or not fraud on top.
We have, with the model predicted again, fraud, positive or not, Fraud.
Negative.
And then the results are in the middle.
You definitely need to understand these concepts and even
fill one of these matrices out for the exam.
You'll need to know your true positives, your falsy negatives and so forth.
So let me show you how I do it.
I take what the prediction did either positive or negative,
and then I moved those down into the middle of the Matrix.
So for positive predictive value, I move those down below positive and positive.
And then I do the same thing for negative where we predicted negative.
I move those down into the middle of the matrix.
Now, for each of the four squares in the middle,
we need to figure out if the prediction was correct.
True or not, falsy starting with this one in the middle,
we predicted positive for fraud and the actual value was positive as well.
So a prediction was true or correct.
This is a true positive.
Next over to the right,
we predicted negative meaning not fraud and the actual value was positive,
which means we were wrong or falsy in our prediction.
So this was a false negative to get some practice with this
and encourage you to walk through similar steps in the
lower two boxes of the Matrix.
Once you feel the matrix out,
you can start calculating some metrics to see how the model is doing.
The first is accuracy, and you'll see the formula here.
Accuracy measures these percentage of predictions that were correct so true
positives and true negatives divided by all predictions.
And while having an accurate model sounds great,
this actually is not very helpful in cases where
you have a lot of true negatives, such as fraud,
where you correctly predicted,
not fraud a lot because there's just not a lot of fraud data.
You don't know for sure that when you do see fraud that
it's accurately going to pick that up.
Next is precision.
This is the percentage of positive predictions that were correct.
This is a metric you want to use when the cost of false positives is high.
For instance, an important legitimate email got flagged and deleted a spam,
and it shouldn't have been.
And finally we have recall this is the percentage of actual
positives that were correctly identified.
And you want to use this when the cost of falsy negatives are high.
For example, you have cancer,
but screening didn't find it ID recommend going through these and
getting some practice with the concepts and formulas because they're
all sort of similar but slightly nuanced, and you are definitely going to see them on the exam.